Stefan jum/posiz sysinfo (#1178)
unikraft/unikraft: lib/posix-sysinfo/README.md

# `posix-sysinfo`: Unikraft's System Information Internal Library

`posix-sysinfo` is an internal library of Unikraft that provides a similar interface to the Linux system information related syscalls (`sysinfo`, `uname`, etc.).

> The `struct sysinfo` and `struct utsname` structures follow the Linux conventions.

Reviewer: Could you provide to where these structured are defined? I think it would be useful for a quick check of the fields.

> The Unikraft `sysinfo` library will not fill all the items in the `struct sysinfo` structure, some of them will be set to 0 (such as `uptime`, `loads`, `*swap`, `*high`).

Reviewer: Could you explain the reason for this?

For memory-related fields to be populated (`*ram`, `mem_unit`), the `Virtual memory API` config option must be selected from the `Platform Configuration -> Platform Interface Options` configuration screen.

## Configuring applications to use `posix-sysinfo`

You can select `posix-sysinfo` under the `Library Configuration` screen of the `make menuconfig` command.

> After that, you can use the functions eposed by the internal library just like you would for a Linux system,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, you can use the functions exposed by the internal library just like you would do for a Linux system,
```

An example of a simple application that uses the `posix-sysinfo` library is the following:

```c
#include <stdio.h>
#include <sys/sysinfo.h>
#include <sys/utsname.h>

> int main(int argc, char *argv[])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
int main(void)
```
